# WhySecurity
Computer security is the shield of the modern age. Without the constant battle on the frontlines between the people who want to see technology used for good and the people who want to use it for their own gain, or worse, to limit the rights and freedoms of others, the progress that occurs in the real world because of technology would be dramatically slowed. Security allows trust in technology, which leads to adoption, which leads to progress in one direction, or another. The more people able to help out with that fight, the faster we can move as a society, and less things will get broken and less people will be hurt on the way. That?s why this site exists, and hopefully, if you?re here for the right reasons, you?ll be able to jump into the fight with the tools you need to succeed.

This course is meant to give you, someone new to the security field, and information technology in general, the skills and more importantly, the mindset required to be successful in this line of work. The only way to be good at anything in this field is to become comfortable looking at problems you have never seen before and then finding a way to solve what you are up against. This curriculum is not meant to turn you into a guru, but rather it is to provide you with a solid base of knowledge and mental models relating to security, as well as build your comfort level installing new programs, following tutorials for things you have never heard of before, and using the Linux operating system. If you leave this course with nothing other than an understanding of the hacker mentality, I have been successful by some measure. However, my goal is to help guide you through the first few steps of your journey into this world and to help you find your path afterwards as you develop even more advanced skills and continue your constant growth.

While I have tried to do everything in my ability to make this course self-guided, there are hundreds of places where a questioning attitude will identify clear shortfalls in the content. Some of these are intentional, most of them are not. Your questions and feedback will guide the development of this course so that it can become the best resource possible.

Surrounding this site is a community to help you and provide guidance as you move along. This community grows with each student who signs up, and our mentors will be there every step of the way to answer questions, explain difficult concepts, and talk about just about anything to help you along the way. Make sure to take full advantage of the many ways we provide to message other mentors so that we can all be part of this together.