# Secure Yourself Now
You signed up for this course to improve yourself, to learn how to secure yourself online, and to help others. That's what this section is dedicated to. If you finish this section and don't do anything else, your participation in this course will be a success in my eyes. Maybe not in your chain of command's but that's a completely different story. 

Of course, I would prefer you to continue in the course, but I'm glad you are here, and I hope you stick around. 

You're working from home, off your personal computer, so first, congratulations on all the bandwidth. You are all security professionals, so I know I don't have to drive this point home too hard, but the computers that you defend and maintain at work are significantly more secure than the one you are accessing this course from. You know everything I am about to tell you, but I'm going to tell you it again.

Your first assignment is to start using a password manager.  Read this <https://www.howtogeek.com/141500/why-you-should-use-a-password-manager-and-how-to-get-started/> to learn about password managers, and then install one, I  recommend <https://lastpass.com/>. There's plenty of other password managers out there, but I've been using this one forever and that is the only reason I recommend it. Convince your friends and family to use password managers. If you don't want to do this now, skip it, I make sure you do it later in the course. 

Your second task, if you do not already have one installed, is to install an ad-blocking extension. Ad-blockers do what they say they do, making your web experience significantly better, but also block trackers and lessen the chance of getting malware laden ads.  For Chrome, I recommend uBlock Origin: <https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ublock-origin/cjpalhdlnbpafiamejdnhcphjbkeiagm?hl=en>. I don't use Firefox, but it's a good browser, especially for the more privacy conscious. I also recommend installing Chrome (or Firefox) and ad-blockers on as many computers of friends and family that you do tech support for. If you don't want to do this now, skip it, I make sure you do it later in the course. 

I'd like to think you don't already have malware on your computer but if you are working off of a shared family computer, there's a decent chance if you haven't checked recently. First, ensure that Windows Defender is enabled. If it isn't, turn it on. After you've done that, turn on automatic updates and ensure your computer is completely updated. If it isn't, update now. Once again, do this on as many computers as you are responsible for. You do it at work, do it home. If you're not on Windows, good luck not downloading malware you 1337 hardo. You'll probably be fine.

I know this stuff is obvious, but it's easy to be complacent when we get home. We know what best practices are, so do them.  
